And before we move on to the next lecture, just understand why we have to write things certain ways.
This brings us to what's known as a syntax parser. And all a parser is,
it's a program.
It's a program that reads your code to determine if it's valid.
And again, don't get intimidated by all these words and concepts.
Just take a step back and realize your code is not magic.
The interpreter has to convert your code, your letters that you've typed, into instructions the computer
can understand. And part of the interpreter is what's known as the syntax parser.
And the syntax parser basically goes through your code line by line, character-by-character,
and it would tell you whether your grammar, aka your syntax, is correct.
That's why when we were typing things that were incorrect, we would get an error message - that's from
the syntax parser. And if it recognizes everything and everything's in the right order
you won't get an error message and it does what you would expect.
Hope it's starting to make sense.